# Mon, 31 May 2021

## [Dark Matter Fraction in z~1 Star-Forming Galaxies](https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.13684)

**Data**: 225 KROSS rotation-supported SF galaxies that have the inclination range: 25 - 75 deg, the redshift range: 0.76 - 1.04.
**Methods**:   
1. Stellar Mass: ML ratio derived from SED fitting.  
2. Gas Mass:  determined by scaling relations of molecular and atomic gas.  
3. Dynamical Mass: derived from the rotation curves at different scale lengths (1-3 R_e).  

**Main Conclusions**:   
1. The majority of z ~ 1 SF galaxies have dark matter dominated outer (5 − 9 kpc) disks (Fig. 3 - 4).  
2. The scattering in the DM fractions at given stellar masses and circular velocities is larger at z ∼ 1 than at z ∼ 0, which might be a consequence of ongoing galaxy formation/evolution processes (Fig. 4 - 5).


## [The Imprint of Cosmic Web Quenching on Central Galaxies](https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.13368)

**Data**: Y07 Group Catalog.   
**The Cosmic Web Metric**:  galaxies’ distances to the cosmic web features computed as in Kraljic et al.(2020) using the Discrete Persistent Structure Extractor ```DisPerSE```.   
**Main Conclusions**:  
1. Central galaxies at large distances to the cosmic web features have on average younger luminosity-weighted stellar ages and lower stellar metallicities compared to their equal mass counterparts at small cosmic web distances (Fig. 4 - 7).  
2. Cosmic web quenching stems from nurture effects, such as ram pressure stripping and strangulation, and/or nature effects linked to the intrinsic properties of the cosmic web.


## [The size function of massive satellites from the R_e − R_h and M_star − M_h relations: constraining the role of environment.](https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.13363)

**Relate to**: [arXiv: 2105.09969 (2021W21)](https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.09969)  
**“Frozen & Stationary” Model**: 
1. The SMHM and the R_e − R_h relations remain unchanged since 𝑧 ∼ 1.5.  
2. The environment does not affect galaxies after infall.

**Main Conclusions**:  
1. The same model is able to reproduce the local size function of quiescent satellite MGs in SDSS (Fig. 1).
2. By assuming that some of SF satellite MGs transform into massive lenticulars in a few Gyr after infalling in the group/clusterenvironment, the model also matches the size function of them (Fig. 3).
3. 

# Tue, 1 Jun 2021

## [Where Do Obscured AGN Fit in a Galaxy’s Timeline?](https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.14031)

**Data**: COSMOS, z: 0.5~3.0, color selection to select AGNs within strongly star forming hosts (Fig. 4); stack Chandra X-ray data of galaxies; quantify the fraction of mid-IR (5-15µm) emission attributable to the dust heating from the AGN.  
**Main Conclusions**:  
1. A clear correlation between X-ray luminosity and IR AGN luminosity (Fig. 6,9).
2. Stacked bins with f(AGN)_MIR < 0.3 appear to host low luminosity AGN (Fig. 10) and also indicate bins with f(AGN)_MIR > 0.3 have obscured AGN.  Obscured AGN are found in galaxies where star formation is still ongoing.


## [On possible proxies of AGN light curves cadence selection in future time domain surveys](https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.14889)


## [Very Large Array imaging rules out precessing radio jets in three DES–SDSS-selected candidate periodic quasars](https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.15194)

**Background**: Periodic quasars have been suggested as candidates for hosting binary SMBHs, although alternative scenarios remain possible to explain the optical light curve periodicity.   
**Data**: 3 candidate periodic quasars with the VLA.  
**Main Conclusion**:  
The origin of the radio emission is likely from star formation and/or uncollimated quasar winds. Together with the core-only morphology in the radio images, the results rule out the radio jet procession as the origin of the observed optical periodicity (Fig. 5; Section 4.3).



# Wed, 2 Jun 2021

## [A 3.5 Mpc-long radio relic in the galaxy cluster ClG 0217+70](https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.00679)

Case Study.  
Data: LOFAR 141 MHz + VLA 1.4/1.5 GHz  
1. The presence of a giant radio halo in the cluster centre and multiple relics in the outskirts. The non-thermal radio and thermal X-ray emission in the halo region where the radio and X-ray emission is detected above 2σ are positively correlated (Fig. 4 & Table. 3).  
2.  Using the spectral index at the outer edge of the relics, the relics are found to be generated by low Mach number shocks that are likely unable to directly accelerate thermal electrons to create the observed surface brightness in the relics (Fig. 13). 



# Thu, 3 Jun 2021

## [Jet-induced feedback in the [O III] lines of early evolution stage active galactic nuclei](https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.01076)

**Background**:  
1. Narrow-line Seyfert 1 (NLS1s) are ideal laboratories to study the early phases of AGN feedback, they are characterized by fast growing black holes with high Eddington ratios, and also by high metallicity, especially prominent Fe II multiplets.  
2. NLS1s are mostly non-jetted sources, but some of them do actually harbor powerful relativistic jets.  
Data:  74 NLS1s observed with the JVLA at 5 GHz in its most extended A configuration (longest baseline 36 km, resolution 0.5”).   

**Main Conclusions**:  
1. The presence of relativistic jets in these AGN can produce a bulk outflowing motion in the NLR, causing the [O III] lines to appear blue-shifted with respect to their restframe wavelength (Fig. 3 & 4).  
2. [O III] shifts may be a good proxy to identify the presence of relativistic jets.
