# Fri, 21 May 2021

## [Formation of massive disk galaxies in the IllustrisTNG simulation](https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.09722)  
**Data**: Massive Disk Galaxies (B/T < 0.3) from ``IllustrisTNG100-1``.  
**Main Conclusion**:   
1. Three types of morphology evolution of massive disk galaixes (Fig. 4).
2. Strong dependence of remnant morphology on the orbit type of major mergers (Fig. 6).



## [The nuclear environment of NGC 2442: a Compton-thick low-luminosity AGN](https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.09420)  
Case Study.  
**Data**: GMOS, Chandra data, XMM–Newton and NuSTAR spectra, and Hubble Space Telescope (HST) images.  
**Main Conclusion**:   
1. There is a Compton-thick low-luminosity AGN (LINERs) in NGC 2442 nucleus (Table. 1 & Fig. 5).
2. The presence of mostly old stellar populations (∼ 10 Gyr), with high metallicity (z = 0.02 and 0.05), and an absence of recent star formation, which might be a consequence of the AGN feedback, associated with the observed outflow. (Fig. 10-12).
3. Central region of NGC 2442 shows many differences relative to the MW,  such as the presence of an AGN and the absence of young stellar populations (Wolf–Rayet stars).


## [Satellites Around Milky Way Analogs: Tension in the Number and Fraction of Quiescent Satellites Seen in Observations Versus Simulations](https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.09321). 
Comparative Study  
**SAGA-II**: Stage II release of the Satellites Around Galactic Analogs Survey (127 confirmed satellites across 36 surveyed hosts with M_halo ∼ (0.7 − 2) × 10^12 M_solar)  
**Simulated samples**: APOSTLE and Aurig  
**Main Conclusion**:   
1.  Very good overall agreement in the derived SFRs for the SF satellites as well as the number of
SF satellites per host in observed and simulated samples. (Fig. 2)
2.  The fraction of quenched satellites in the SAGA-II sample are significantly lower than those in APOSTLE and Auriga below M_stellar ~ 10^8.5 M_solar. (Fig. 3)
3. There is apparently a genuine discrepancy between the satellite populations of the MW, M31 and their simulated analogs.  
