# Mon, 24 May 2021

## [The SAMI Galaxy Survey: The role of disc fading and progenitor bias in kinematic transitions](https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.10179)  

## [Where infall meets outflows: turbulent dissipation probed by CH+ and Lyα in the starburst/AGN galaxy group SMM J02399−0136 at z∼2.8](https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.10202)


# Tue, 25 May 2021

## [Chemical abundances in the nuclear region of nearby galaxies from the Palomar Survey](https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.11164)
**Samples**:  SF Galaxies (87) + Seyferts 2 (16) + LINERs (40) from the Palomar Spectroscopic Survey (Table. 5).   
**Main Conclusions**:   
1. Seyferts 2 present slightly higher chemical abundances but this result must be reexamined in larger samples of Seyfert galaxies. Lower chemical abundances for LINERs than for SFG (Fig. 7-10).
2. Host galaxy properties of AGN  are not correlated with estimated chemical abundances (Appendix B).


## [Molecular line ratio diagnostics and gas kinematics in the AGN host Seyfert galaxy NGC 5033](https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.11198)
Case Study.  
**Main Conclusions**: 
1. ^{12}CO(1–0) is more extended over NGC 5033’s disc compared to the other CO lines (Fig. 3 & 5).   
2. The south of the gaseous disc contains cooler gas than the northern part, and the centre hosts warmer and less tenuous gas with a similar dense gas fraction compared to most galaxies of similar type.  


## [Diffuse Synchrotron Emission Associated with the Starburst in the Circumnuclear Disk of NGC 1275](https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.11073)
**VLBI detection of the diffuse synchrotron emission on a scale of several tens pc coinciding spatially with the molecular gas disk recently discovered by ALMA observations in NGC 1275.**  
**Notice**:  The synchrotron emissions are most likely resulted from the relativistic electrons produced by the supernova explosions (see more in Section 4.1-4.2 & Fig. 3).


## [The Bluedisk survey: thickness of Hi layers in gas rich spiral galaxies](https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.10683)  
**Data**: galaxies from BLUEDISK HI survey + VIVA + THINGS.  
**Main Conclusions**:  
1. The HI scale height radial profiles can be divided into three categories.  
	1.1  HI disk thickness increases with radius.  
	1.2  HI disk thickness constant with radius.  
	1.3  Complex scale height radial profiles.  
2. The average HI scale height within the optical disk is correlated with the atomic gas fraction and the central HI velocity dispersion (Fig. 12-15).  
3. The relation between M_H2/M_HI and the HI scale height confirm the role of gas disk thickness on star formation efficiency.


## [A universal relation between the properties of supermassive black holes, galaxies, and dark matter halos](https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.10508)  

## [Stellar Mass and Star Formation Rate within a Billion Light-Years](https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.11345)


# Wed, 26 May 2021

## [Rates and delay times of type Ia supernovae in the Dark Energy Survey](https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.11954)

## [Spectral Observations of Superthin Galaxies](https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.11855)  


# Thu, 27 May 2021

## [The origin of galaxy colour bimodality in the scatter of the Stellar-to-Halo Mass Relation](https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12145)  
**Background**:  
- Observation: At a given stellar mass, blue galaxies tend to live in haloes with lower mass while red galaxies live in more massive host haloes.  
- Theoretical Prediction: At the same halo mass, galaxies with high stellar masses tend to live in early-formed haloes (leads to an opposite trend).
- ```SIMBA``` Simulation: Reproduce the observation (Fig. 1).   

**Main Conclusion**:   
1. Galaxies that transition later have lower halo mass at a given M_stellar, early transition galaxies tend to live in late formed haloes. Haloes that assemble quickly tend to host bluer galaxies (Fig. 2).   
2. At a given final halo mass, early-formed haloes have higher cold gas fractions. In late-formed haloes with low cold gas fractions, the galaxy transitions earlier, thus setting up an anti-correlation of the halo assembly time and galaxy transition time (Fig. 4).
3. The physics driving this in SIMBA is primarily jet-mode AGN feedback, which kicks in at low Eddington ratios that occur when cold gas fractions are low, and quenches the galaxy (Fig. 5).
4. The X-ray AGN feedback model in SIMBA, which kicks in for jet-mode galaxy with a low gas fraction, removes any residual star formation and thus keeps the galaxy in quiet, leading to red colour (Fig. 6).
