# Mon, 25 Sep 2023

## [JWST NIRCam Observations of SN 1987A: Spitzer Comparison and Spectral Decomposition](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2309.13011.pdf)
**Background**: A type II SN in the LMC. The emission arises from the circumstellar equatorial ring (ER).  
**Data**:  
Spitzer IRAC: 3.6 & 4.5 µm (2004 - 2019), These bands are very similar to the F356W and F444W bands of JWST NIRCam
JWST NIRCam:  Figure 2 & 3.  
Composite Comparison: Figure 4.  
**Conclusions**:  
NIRCam observations clearly reveal that much of this emission is from a newly developing outer portion of the ER (Figure 5, 11, and 12).  
The bulk of the emission in the field can be represented by 5 standard spectral energy distributions (SEDs), each with a distinct origin and spatial distribution.  
This spectral decomposition provides a powerful technique for distinguishing overlapping emission from the circumstellar medium (CSM) and the supernova (SN) ejecta, excited by the forward and reverse shocks respectively.  


## [PEARLS: JWST counterparts of micro-Jy radio sources in the Time Domain Field](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2309.13008.pdf)
**PEARLS**: 
Prime Extragalactic Areas for Reionization and Lensing Science; ∼50 minute exposure times.  
4.4 µm counterparts for 62 of 63 3 GHz sources with S(3 GHz) > 5 µJy (Figure 1 & 2), but finding the correct counterpart for a given
source might be tricky.  
The only unidentified radio source may be a lobe of a nearby Seyfert galaxy, or it may be an infraredfaint radio source.  


# Tue, 26 Sep 2023

## [JWST MIRI and NIRCam Unveil Previously Unseen Infrared Stellar Populations in NGC 6822](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2309.13521.pdf)
**NGC 6822**: a nearby (∼490 kpc) non-interacting low-metallicity (0.2 solar matallicity) dwarf galaxy which hosts several prominent HII regions.  
**Data**: NIRCam + MIRI  
Central Stellar Bar: Figure 1.  
**Data Product**:  A catalogue of ∼900,000 point sources over an area of ∼ 6.0 × 4.3 arcmin^2


# Wed, 27 Sep 2023

## [Adding Value to JWST Spectra and Photometry: Stellar Population and Star Formation Properties of Spectroscopically Confirmed JADES and CEERS Galaxies at z>7](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2309.14961.pdf)
**Data**: 43 spectroscopically confirmed 𝑧 > 7 JWST galaxies in the JADES and CEERS.  
**Aim**: investigating the relationship between spectroscopic features and photometrically derived ones.  
**Main Conclusions**:  
1. The SFRs measured from H𝛽 line emission are higher than those estimated from SED fitting and UV luminosity (SFR_H𝛽/SFR_UV ranging from ∼ 2.4 − 13.5).  
H𝛽 is measuring more recent star formation: SFR is increasing with time (Figure 10).
2. The EW derived from photometric excesses in filters is averagely 30% smaller than the direct spectroscopic measurement (Figure 11).
3. A stack of the line emitting galaxies shows a distinct morphology after subtracting imaging that contains only the continuum. Three out of four cases the sizes of these galaxies are slightly larger in the bands that contain the emission lines compared to neighboring bands which are emission line free (Figure 13).  


# Thu, 28 Sep 2023

## [GA-NIFS: co-evolution within a highly star-forming galaxy group at z∼3.7 witnessed by JWST/NIRSpec IFS](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2309.14431.pdf)
**GS_4891**: A massive galaxy at z ∼ 3.7.  
**Aim**: JWST/NIRSpec IFS data of a galaxy group around GS_4891 (Figure 1).  
Detailed substructures: Figure 1, 2, 3, and Table 1.  
**Main Findings**: 
1. GS_4891 and GS_4891_n are consistent with star formation, with no signs of AGN activity (Figure 7+8).
2. The gas metallicity in GS_4891_n is 0.2dex higher than at the center of GS_4891 despite being 4× less massive (Figure 7+10). There is a drop in metallicity to the south of GS_4891 (C1): a minor merger with a lower metallicity companion or to accretion of relatively metal-poor gas.
3. GS_4891 hosts a metal-rich, ionized outflow around the central regions that extends out to r_out=1.2 kpc (Table 2).
4. The system around GS_4891 might be in a pre-merger stage.

## [MIDIS: Unveiling the Role of Strong Hα-emitters during the Epoch of Reionization with JWST](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2309.15671.pdf)
**Data**: 12 bright Hα emitters (HAEs) at z ≃ 7 − 8, young (< 30Myr) and low stellar masse (< 10^9 M_sun).


## [Identification of a transition from stochastic to secular star formation around z = 9 with JWST](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2309.15720.pdf)
**Data**: galaxies at 6 < z < 12 from the JADES public catalogue.  
**Method**: A non-parametric SFH.  
**Conclusions**:  
1. Massive galaxies (> 10^9 M_sun): secular star-formation mode (Figure 7+9).
2. Low mass galaxies: Stochastic SFH (Figure 7+8).  
