# Mon, 18 Sep 2023

## [MIDIS. JWST NIRCam and MIRI unveil the stellar population properties of Lyα-emitters and Lyman-Break galaxies at z ~ 3-7](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2309.08515.pdf)
**Targets**: 182 spectroscopically-confirmed LAEs + 450 photometrically-selected Lyman-Break galaxies (LBGs).  
HST + JWST NIRCam & MIRI SED Fitting (``LePHARE``, F560W plays a crucial role in robustly assessing the LAE’s stellar mass and ages, see Appendix A).  
**Main Conclusion**:  
LAEs: low stellar mass (~ 7.5), no dust extinction, UV slope -2.2, ~ 3/4 are young (< 100 Myr), starbursts;  Old (> 100 Myr) LAEs are more massive and redder (Table 2).  
LBGs with similar stellar mass: redder UV continuum slope, more dusty (Fig. 5), nearly half of them are classified as starbursts but lack detectable Lyα emission (HI resonant scattering and/or selective dust extinction ?)


## [A massive compact quiescent galaxy at z = 2 with a complete Einstein ring in JWST imaging](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2309.07969.pdf)  
Case Study (Fig. 1).  
**Background**:  
Many of the most massive galaxies at z ∼ 2 are very compact, having half-light radii of only 1 − 2 kpc.  
Massive galaxies formed insideout, mass added later through minor mergers.  


# Wed, 20 Sep 2023

## [A JWST investigation into the bar fraction at redshifts 1 < z < 3](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2309.10038.pdf)
**Background**: Bar fraction significantly declines from z = 0 to z = 1.  
**Data**: 768 face-on galaxies in redshift range from z = 1 to z= 3.  
**Main Conclusion**:  The bar fraction decreases but is ∼ 3 − 4 times greater than the bar fraction found in previous studies using bluer HST filters (Fig. 6).  
